Demonstration of the conversion pipeline using time-resolved ARPES data stored on Zenodo
========================================================================================

In this example, we pull some time-resolved ARPES data from Zenodo, and
load it into the sed package using functions of the mpes package. Then,
we run a conversion pipeline on it, containing steps for visualizing the
channels, correcting image distortions, calibrating the momentum space,
correcting for energy distortions and calibrating the energy axis.
Finally, the data are binned in calibrated axes. For performance
reasons, best store the data on a locally attached storage (no network
drive). This can also be achieved transparently using the included
MirrorUtil class.

.. code:: ipython3

    %load_ext autoreload
    %autoreload 2
    import numpy as np
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    import os
    
    import sed
    
    %matplotlib widget

Load Data
---------

.. code:: ipython3

    data_path = '.' # Put in Path to a storage of at least 20 Gbyte free space.
    if not os.path.exists(data_path + "/WSe2.zip"):
        os.system(f"curl -L --output {data_path}/WSe2.zip https://zenodo.org/record/6369728/files/WSe2.zip")
    if not os.path.isdir(data_path + "/Scan049_1") or not os.path.isdir(data_path + "/energycal_2019_01_08/"):
        os.system(f"unzip -d {data_path} -o {data_path}/WSe2.zip")

.. code:: ipython3

    # The Scan directory
    fdir = data_path + '/Scan049_1'
    # create sed processor using the config file:
    sp = sed.SedProcessor(folder=fdir, config="../sed/config/mpes_example_config.yaml")


.. parsed-literal::

    Configuration loaded from: [/home/runner/work/sed/sed/sed/config/mpes_example_config.yaml]
    Folder config loaded from: [/home/runner/work/sed/sed/tutorial/sed_config.yaml]
    Default config loaded from: [/home/runner/work/sed/sed/sed/config/default.yaml]


.. code:: ipython3

    # Plot of the count rate through the scan
    rate, secs = sp.loader.get_count_rate(range(100))
    plt.plot(secs, rate)




.. parsed-literal::

    [<matplotlib.lines.Line2D at 0x7fd5602f81f0>]




.. raw:: html

    
    <div style="display: inline-block;">
        <div class="jupyter-widgets widget-label" style="text-align: center;">
            Figure
        </div>
        <img src='data:image/png;base64,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' width=640.0/>
    </div>



.. code:: ipython3

    # The time elapsed in the scan
    sp.loader.get_elapsed_time()




.. parsed-literal::

    2588.4949999999994



.. code:: ipython3

    # Apply jittering to X, Y, t, ADC columns.
    # Columns are defined in the config, or can be provided as list.
    sp.add_jitter()

.. code:: ipython3

    # Inspect data in dataframe Columns:
    # axes = ['X', 'Y', 't', 'ADC']
    # bins = [100, 100, 100, 100]
    # ranges = [(0, 1800), (0, 1800), (130000, 140000), (0, 9000)]
    # sp.viewEventHistogram(dfpid=1, axes=axes, bins=bins, ranges=ranges)
    sp.view_event_histogram(dfpid=2)





.. raw:: html

    
    <div class="bk-root" id="f3ce58b8-cbf2-41b6-a792-efcee48d1dfb" data-root-id="1261"></div>





Distortion correction and Momentum Calibration workflow
-------------------------------------------------------

Distortion correction
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

1. step:
^^^^^^^^

Bin and load part of the dataframe in detector coordinates, and choose
energy plane where high-symmetry points can well be identified. Either
use the interactive tool, or pre-select the range:

.. code:: ipython3

    #sp.bin_and_load_momentum_calibration(df_partitions=20, plane=170)
    sp.bin_and_load_momentum_calibration(df_partitions=100, plane=33, width=10, apply=True)



.. parsed-literal::

      0%|          | 0/100 [00:00<?, ?it/s]



.. parsed-literal::

    interactive(children=(IntSlider(value=33, description='plane', max=290), IntSlider(value=10, description='widt…



.. parsed-literal::

    Button(description='apply', style=ButtonStyle())



.. raw:: html

    
    <div style="display: inline-block;">
        <div class="jupyter-widgets widget-label" style="text-align: center;">
            Figure
        </div>
        <img src='data:image/png;base64,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' width=640.0/>
    </div>



2. Step:
^^^^^^^^

Next, we select a number of features corresponding to the rotational
symmetry of the material, plus the center. These can either be
auto-detected (for well-isolated points), or provided as a list (these
can be read-off the graph in the cell above). These are then symmetrized
according to the rotational symmetry, and a spline-warping correction
for the x/y coordinates is calculated, which corrects for any geometric
distortions from the perfect n-fold rotational symmetry.

.. code:: ipython3

    #features = np.array([[203.2, 341.96], [299.16, 345.32], [350.25, 243.70], [304.38, 149.88], [199.52, 152.48], [154.28, 242.27], [248.29, 248.62]])
    #sp.define_features(features=features, rotation_symmetry=6, include_center=True, apply=True)
    # Manual selection: Use a GUI tool to select peaks:
    #sp.define_features(rotation_symmetry=6, include_center=True)
    #sp.generate_splinewarp(rotation_symmetry=6, include_center=True, fwhm=10, sigma=12, sigma_radius=4)
    # Autodetect: Uses the DAOStarFinder routine to locate maxima.
    # Parameters are:
    #   fwhm: Full-width at half maximum of peaks.
    #   sigma: Number of standard deviations above the mean value of the image peaks must have.
    #   sigma_radius: number of standard deviations around a peak that peaks are fitted
    sp.define_features(rotation_symmetry=6, auto_detect=True, include_center=True, fwhm=10, sigma=12, sigma_radius=4, apply=True)



.. parsed-literal::

    interactive(children=(Dropdown(description='Point:', options=(0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6), value=0), Output()), _dom_…



.. parsed-literal::

    interactive(children=(FloatText(value=153.4099341149909, description='point_x'), FloatText(value=243.056397194…



.. parsed-literal::

    Button(description='apply', style=ButtonStyle())



.. raw:: html

    
    <div style="display: inline-block;">
        <div class="jupyter-widgets widget-label" style="text-align: center;">
            Figure
        </div>
        <img src='data:image/png;base64,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' width=640.0/>
    </div>



3. Step:
^^^^^^^^

Generate nonlinear correction using splinewarp algorithm. If no
landmarks have been defined in previous step, default parameters from
the config are used

.. code:: ipython3

    # Option whether a central point shall be fixed in the determiantion fo the correction
    sp.generate_splinewarp(include_center=True)


.. parsed-literal::

    Calulated thin spline correction based on the following landmarks:
    pouter: [[153.40993411 243.05639719]
     [199.53872932 152.7795494 ]
     [203.00074516 342.99054667]
     [299.87814564 346.19500548]
     [305.62593678 150.19077869]
     [350.95039536 244.78353201]]
    pcent: (249.22957768646916, 249.24792658340425)
    Original slice with reference features





.. raw:: html

    
    <div class="bk-root" id="cfe25b3b-2c9b-4290-a863-cbeeed57cf6c" data-root-id="1526"></div>





.. parsed-literal::

    Corrected slice with target features





.. raw:: html

    
    <div class="bk-root" id="e2b4819d-822f-41c0-bae0-a9422a85819a" data-root-id="1771"></div>





.. parsed-literal::

    Original slice with target features





.. raw:: html

    
    <div class="bk-root" id="f7e442e5-f82c-4368-8c3d-91ebd92eba68" data-root-id="2019"></div>





Optional (Step 3a):
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Save distortion correction parameters to configuration file in current
data folder:

.. code:: ipython3

    # Save generated distortion correction parameters for later reuse
    sp.save_splinewarp()

4. Step:
^^^^^^^^

To adjust scaling, position and orientation of the corrected momentum
space image, you can apply further affine transformations to the
distortion correction field. Here, first a postential scaling is
applied, next a translation, and finally a rotation around the center of
the image (defined via the config). One can either use an interactive
tool, or provide the adjusted values and apply them directly.

.. code:: ipython3

    #sp.pose_adjustment(xtrans=14, ytrans=18, angle=2)
    sp.pose_adjustment(xtrans=8, ytrans=7, angle=-4, apply=True)



.. parsed-literal::

    interactive(children=(FloatSlider(value=1.0, description='scale', max=1.2, min=0.8, step=0.01), FloatSlider(va…



.. parsed-literal::

    Button(description='apply', style=ButtonStyle())



.. raw:: html

    
    <div style="display: inline-block;">
        <div class="jupyter-widgets widget-label" style="text-align: center;">
            Figure
        </div>
        <img src='data:image/png;base64,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' width=640.0/>
    </div>




.. parsed-literal::

    Output()



.. raw:: html

    
    <div style="display: inline-block;">
        <div class="jupyter-widgets widget-label" style="text-align: center;">
            Figure
        </div>
        <img src='data:image/png;base64,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' width=640.0/>
    </div>



5. Step:
^^^^^^^^

Finally, the momentum correction is applied to the dataframe, and
corresponding meta data are stored

.. code:: ipython3

    sp.apply_momentum_correction()


.. parsed-literal::

    Adding corrected X/Y columns to dataframe:
    Calculating inverse deformation field, this might take a moment...
    Dask DataFrame Structure:
                           X        Y        t      ADC       Xm       Ym
    npartitions=100                                                      
                     float64  float64  float64  float64  float64  float64
                         ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...
    ...                  ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...
                         ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...
                         ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...
    Dask Name: apply_dfield, 206 graph layers


Momentum calibration workflow
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

1. Step:
^^^^^^^^

First, the momentum scaling needs to be calibtrated. Either, one can
provide the coordinates of one point outside the center, and provide its
distane to the Brillouin zone center (which is assumed to be located in
the center of the image), one can specify two points on the image and
their distance (where the 2nd point marks the BZ center),or one can
provide absolute k-coordinates of two distinct momentum points.

If no points are provided, an interactive tool is created. Here, left
mouse click selectes the off-center point (brillouin_zone_cetnered=True)
or toggle-selects the off-center and center point.

.. code:: ipython3

    k_distance = 4/3*np.pi/3.28
    #sp.calibrate_momentum_axes(k_distance = k_distance)
    point_a = [308, 345]
    sp.calibrate_momentum_axes(point_a=point_a, k_distance = k_distance, apply=True)
    #point_b = [247, 249]
    #sp.calibrate_momentum_axes(point_a=point_a, point_b = point_b, k_coord_a = [.5, 1.1], k_coord_b = [1.3, 0], equiscale=False



.. parsed-literal::

    interactive(children=(IntText(value=308, description='point_a_x'), IntText(value=345, description='point_a_y')…



.. parsed-literal::

    Button(description='apply', style=ButtonStyle())



.. raw:: html

    
    <div style="display: inline-block;">
        <div class="jupyter-widgets widget-label" style="text-align: center;">
            Figure
        </div>
        <img src='data:image/png;base64,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' width=640.0/>
    </div>



Optional (Step 1a):
'''''''''''''''''''

Save momentum calibration parameters to configuration file in current
data folder:

.. code:: ipython3

    # Save generated momentum calibration parameters for later reuse
    sp.save_momentum_calibration()

2. Step:
^^^^^^^^

Now, the distortion correction and momentum calibration needs to be
applied to the dataframe.

.. code:: ipython3

    sp.apply_momentum_calibration()


.. parsed-literal::

    Adding kx/ky columns to dataframe:
    Dask DataFrame Structure:
                           X        Y        t      ADC       Xm       Ym       kx       ky
    npartitions=100                                                                        
                     float64  float64  float64  float64  float64  float64  float64  float64
                         ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...
    ...                  ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...
                         ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...
                         ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...
    Dask Name: assign, 216 graph layers


Energy Correction (optional)
----------------------------

The purpose of the energy correction is to correct for any
momentum-dependent distortion of the energy axis, e.g. from geometric
effects in the flight tube, or from space charge

1st step:
^^^^^^^^^

Here, one can select the functional form to be used, and adjust its
parameters. The binned data used for the momentum calibration is plotted
around the Fermi energy (defined by tof_fermi), and the correction
function is plotted ontop. Possible correction functions are: “sperical”
(parameter: diameter), “Lorentzian” (parameter: gamma), “Gaussian”
(parameter: sigma), and “Lorentzian_asymmetric” (parameters: gamma,
amplitude2, gamma2).

One can either use an interactive alignment tool, or provide parameters
directly.

.. code:: ipython3

    #sp.adjust_energy_correction(amplitude=2.5, center=(730, 730), gamma=920, tof_fermi = 66200)
    sp.adjust_energy_correction(amplitude=2.5, center=(730, 730), gamma=920, tof_fermi = 66200, apply=True)



.. parsed-literal::

    interactive(children=(FloatSlider(value=2.5, description='amplitude', max=10.0), FloatSlider(value=730.0, desc…



.. parsed-literal::

    Button(description='apply', style=ButtonStyle())



.. raw:: html

    
    <div style="display: inline-block;">
        <div class="jupyter-widgets widget-label" style="text-align: center;">
            Figure
        </div>
        <img src='data:image/png;base64,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' width=640.0/>
    </div>



Optional (Step 1a):
'''''''''''''''''''

Save energy correction parameters to configuration file in current data
folder:

.. code:: ipython3

    # Save generated energy correction parameters for later reuse
    sp.save_energy_correction()

2. Step
^^^^^^^

After adjustment, the energy correction is directly applied to the TOF
axis.

.. code:: ipython3

    sp.apply_energy_correction()


.. parsed-literal::

    Applying energy correction to dataframe...
    Dask DataFrame Structure:
                           X        Y        t      ADC       Xm       Ym       kx       ky       tm
    npartitions=100                                                                                 
                     float64  float64  float64  float64  float64  float64  float64  float64  float64
                         ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...
    ...                  ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...
                         ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...
                         ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...
    Dask Name: assign, 230 graph layers


3. Energy calibration
---------------------

For calibrating the energy axis, a set of data taken at different bias
voltages around the value where the measurement was taken is required.

1. Step:
^^^^^^^^

In a first step, the data are loaded, binned along the TOF dimension,
and normalized. The used bias voltages can be either provided, or read
from attributes in the source files if present.

.. code:: ipython3

    # Load energy calibration EDCs
    energycalfolder = data_path + "/energycal_2019_01_08/"
    scans = np.arange(1,12)
    voltages = np.arange(12,23,1)
    files = [energycalfolder + r'Scan' + str(num).zfill(3) + '_' + str(num+11) + '.h5' for num in scans]
    sp.load_bias_series(data_files=files, normalize=True, biases=voltages, ranges=[(64000, 75000)])



.. parsed-literal::

      0%|          | 0/11 [00:00<?, ?it/s]





.. raw:: html

    
    <div class="bk-root" id="9d5fdfb1-26b6-43f0-a45a-80b4c8d98db1" data-root-id="2232"></div>





2. Step:
^^^^^^^^

Next, the same peak or feature needs to be selected in each curve. For
this, one needs to define “ranges” for each curve, within which the peak
of interest is located. One can either provide these ranges manually, or
provide one range for a “reference” curve, and infer the ranges for the
other curves using a dynamic time warping algorithm.

.. code:: ipython3

    # Option 1 = specify the ranges containing a common feature (e.g an equivalent peak) for all bias scans
    # rg = [(129031.03103103103, 129621.62162162163), (129541.54154154155, 130142.14214214214), (130062.06206206206, 130662.66266266267), (130612.61261261262, 131213.21321321322), (131203.20320320321, 131803.8038038038), (131793.7937937938, 132384.38438438438), (132434.43443443443, 133045.04504504506), (133105.10510510512, 133715.71571571572), (133805.8058058058, 134436.43643643643), (134546.54654654654, 135197.1971971972)]
    # sp.find_bias_peaks(ranges=rg, infer_others=False)
    # Option 2 = specify the range for one curve and infer the others
    # This will open an interactive tool to select the correct ranges for the curves.
    # IMPORTANT: Don't choose the range too narrow about a peak, and choose a refid
    # somewhere in the middle or towards larger biases!
    rg = (66100, 67000)
    sp.find_bias_peaks(ranges=rg, ref_id=5, infer_others=True, apply=True)



.. parsed-literal::

    interactive(children=(IntSlider(value=5, description='refid', max=10), IntRangeSlider(value=(66100, 67000), de…



.. parsed-literal::

    Button(description='apply', style=ButtonStyle())



.. raw:: html

    
    <div style="display: inline-block;">
        <div class="jupyter-widgets widget-label" style="text-align: center;">
            Figure
        </div>
        <img src='data:image/png;base64,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' width=800.0/>
    </div>



3. Step:
^^^^^^^^

Next, the detected peak positions and bias voltages are used to
determine the calibration function. This can be either done by fitting
the functional form d\ :sup:`2/(t-t0)`\ 2 via lmfit (“lmfit”), or using
a polynomial approxiamtion (“lstsq” or “lsqr”). Here, one can also
define a reference id, and a reference energy. Those define the absolute
energy position of the feature used for calibration in the “reference”
trace, at the bias voltage where the final measurement has been
performed. The energy scale can be either “kientic” (decreasing energy
with increasing TOF), or “binding” (increasing energy with increasing
TOF).

After calculating the calibration, all traces corrected with the
calibration are plotted ontop of each other, the calibration function
together with the extracted features is plotted.

.. code:: ipython3

    # use the refid of the bias that the measurement was taken at
    # Eref can be used to set the absolute energy (kinetic energy, E-EF) of the feature used for energy calibration (if known)
    refid=4
    Eref=-0.5
    # the lmfit method uses a fit of (d/(t-t0))**2 to determine the energy calibration
    sp.calibrate_energy_axis(ref_energy=Eref, ref_id=refid, energy_scale="kinetic", method="lmfit")


.. parsed-literal::

    [[Fit Statistics]]
        # fitting method   = leastsq
        # function evals   = 130
        # data points      = 11
        # variables        = 3
        chi-square         = 0.00212334
        reduced chi-square = 2.6542e-04
        Akaike info crit   = -88.0792774
        Bayesian info crit = -86.8855916
    [[Variables]]
        d:   1.09544520 +/- 0.03592430 (3.28%) (init = 1)
        t0:  7.6073e-07 +/- 7.4247e-09 (0.98%) (init = 1e-06)
        E0: -46.6134126 +/- 0.64226365 (1.38%) (init = -22)
    [[Correlations]] (unreported correlations are < 0.100)
        C(d, t0)  = -0.9997
        C(d, E0)  = -0.9988
        C(t0, E0) = +0.9974
    Quality of Calibration:





.. raw:: html

    
    <div class="bk-root" id="3a32b169-330e-428c-bfb2-bc7631cdd537" data-root-id="2842"></div>





.. parsed-literal::

    E/TOF relationship:



.. raw:: html

    
    <div style="display: inline-block;">
        <div class="jupyter-widgets widget-label" style="text-align: center;">
            Figure
        </div>
        <img src='data:image/png;base64,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' width=1200.0/>
    </div>



Optional (Step 3a):
'''''''''''''''''''

Save energy calibration parameters to configuration file in current data
folder:

.. code:: ipython3

    # Save generated energy calibration parameters for later reuse
    sp.save_energy_calibration()

4. Step:
^^^^^^^^

Finally, the the energy axis is added to the dataframe.

.. code:: ipython3

    sp.append_energy_axis()


.. parsed-literal::

    Adding energy column to dataframe:
    Dask DataFrame Structure:
                           X        Y        t      ADC       Xm       Ym       kx       ky       tm   energy
    npartitions=100                                                                                          
                     float64  float64  float64  float64  float64  float64  float64  float64  float64  float64
                         ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...
    ...                  ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...
                         ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...
                         ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...      ...
    Dask Name: assign, 240 graph layers


4. Delay calibration:
---------------------

The delay axis is calculated from the ADC input column based on the
provided delay range. ALternatively, the delay scan range can also be
extracted from attributes inside a source file, if present.

.. code:: ipython3

    #from pathlib import Path
    #datafile = "file.h5"
    #print(datafile)
    #sp.calibrate_delay_axis(datafile=datafile)
    delay_range = (-500, 1500)
    sp.calibrate_delay_axis(delay_range=delay_range, preview=True)


.. parsed-literal::

    Adding delay column to dataframe:
                 X            Y             t          ADC           Xm  \
    0     0.212945     0.212945      0.212945     0.212945   -12.966236   
    1   364.881143  1001.881143  70100.881143  6316.881143   354.714506   
    2   761.446814   818.446814  75615.446814  6316.446814   790.350068   
    3   692.455863   971.455863  66455.455863  6317.455863   712.673503   
    4   670.565557   711.565557  73025.565557  6316.565557   695.169961   
    5   299.434403  1164.434403  68459.434403  6316.434403   282.149004   
    6   570.680891   664.680891  73902.680891  6315.680891   588.507368   
    7   822.115300   545.115300  72632.115300  6318.115300   846.594377   
    8   817.568558   415.568558  72421.568558  6316.568558   836.477911   
    9  1005.829423   666.829423  72801.829423  6316.829423  1037.903575   
    
                Ym        kx        ky            tm     energy        delay  
    0    87.166832 -2.417453 -2.106699    -47.985445 -25.209509  -660.265673  
    1  1030.009193 -1.276388  0.819329  70083.868621  -9.300472  1471.943002  
    2   838.353388  0.075568  0.224542  75614.555583 -16.703309  1471.796393  
    3   983.456676 -0.165494  0.674858  66449.755902  -0.820206  1472.137000  
    4   739.476304 -0.219815 -0.082314  73025.171634 -13.802182  1471.836475  
    5  1183.226206 -1.501589  1.294825  68432.920826  -5.958803  1471.792204  
    6   699.539735 -0.550833 -0.206254  73899.753463 -14.873129  1471.537854  
    7   585.834730  0.250118 -0.559127  72627.964178 -13.280445  1472.359595  
    8   465.231161  0.218722 -0.933409  72411.898419 -12.986664  1471.837488  
    9   707.647623  0.843829 -0.181091  72794.353709 -13.501836  1471.925543  


5. Visualization of calibrated histograms
-----------------------------------------

With all calibrated axes present in the dataframe, we can visualize the
corresponding histograms, and determine the respective binning ranges

.. code:: ipython3

    axes = ['kx', 'ky', 'energy', 'delay']
    ranges = [[-3, 3], [-3, 3], [-6, 2], [-600, 1600]]
    sp.view_event_histogram(dfpid=1, axes=axes, ranges=ranges)





.. raw:: html

    
    <div class="bk-root" id="6d17291a-dd74-42bb-abad-be719d0ca6f0" data-root-id="3741"></div>





Define the binning ranges and compute calibrated data volume
------------------------------------------------------------

.. code:: ipython3

    axes = ['kx', 'ky', 'energy', 'delay']
    bins = [100, 100, 200, 50]
    ranges = [[-2, 2], [-2, 2], [-4, 2], [-600, 1600]]
    res = sp.compute(bins=bins, axes=axes, ranges=ranges)



.. parsed-literal::

      0%|          | 0/100 [00:00<?, ?it/s]


Some visualization:
-------------------

.. code:: ipython3

    fig, axs = plt.subplots(4, 1, figsize=(6, 18), constrained_layout=True)
    res.loc[{'energy':slice(-.1, 0)}].sum(axis=(2,3)).T.plot(ax=axs[0])
    res.loc[{'kx':slice(-.8, -.5)}].sum(axis=(0,3)).T.plot(ax=axs[1])
    res.loc[{'ky':slice(-.2, .2)}].sum(axis=(1,3)).T.plot(ax=axs[2])
    res.loc[{'kx':slice(-.8, -.5), 'energy':slice(.5, 2)}].sum(axis=(0,1)).plot(ax=axs[3])




.. parsed-literal::

    <matplotlib.collections.QuadMesh at 0x7fd5407710a0>




.. raw:: html

    
    <div style="display: inline-block;">
        <div class="jupyter-widgets widget-label" style="text-align: center;">
            Figure
        </div>
        <img src='data:image/png;base64,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' width=600.0/>
    </div>



